Document shouldFinalize for sketches that have the parameter (#13524)
apache/druid: docs/development/extensions-core/datasketches-kll.md

 }
```

|Property|Description|Required?|
|--------|-----------|---------|

> |`type`|This String should be "KllFloatsSketch" or "KllDoublesSketch"|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`type`|Either "KllFloatsSketch" or "KllDoublesSketch"|yes|
```

|`name`|A String for the output (result) name of the calculation.|yes|

> |`fieldName`|A String for the name of the input field (can contain sketches or raw numeric values).|yes|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`name`|String representing the output column to store sketch values.|yes|
```
